Reading Response 2

In the assigned books from Readings in Clasical Chinese Philosophy, several different themes stuck out. Each book had its own lesson, beginning with Book One which focused mainly on how respect for elders is foundational for becoming a virtuous person, as well as how Master You discusses the importance of this towards upholding moral integrity. Book Two then goes on to talk about leadership, and how a leader should act with virtue and ritual instead of coercion and punishment. The book explains how this is important as it will inspire respect and self-improvement in people. These two books contrast with eachother just as easily as they compare, in that Book One teaches from the perspective of how to be a good follower, where Book Two takes the opposite perspective and teaches how to be an admirable leader. Both urge the reader to act with virtue and respect towards the fellow man, as this behavior can inspire others in the same direction.

Regarding the rest of the assigned sections, Book Four starts off by teaching about the importance of goodness and self-examination. Master goes on to stress the importance of ensuring one acts with true goodness even in the most difficult times. While this is easily said, many find themselves failing to do so. This is where critical self-reflection comes into play, where one must take an honest look at themselves from an outward perspective. Being truthful in this self-reflection in itself is an act of virtue, as it demonstrates a willingness to accept mistakes and improve on them. Book Six's theme was personal growth, and how wisdom is a necessity to become a virtuous person. Continuous learning and self-cultivation are the path towards becoming a virtuous person, where the highest form is to be simultaneously immersed in both knowledge and goodness; a form of learning motivated by sincerity and joy. It goes on to teach the difference between one who knows, one who loves, and one who is passionate about a topic. Book Eight taught the role of ritual in becoming a virtuous person. It teaches how a lack of ritual will lead to negative traits and habits, where one is undiciplined and careless. Respect without ritual becomes exhausting or forceful, lacking refinement. Caution without ritual may lead to someone being too timid or overly hesitant. Courage without ritual is said to become unruly or reckless. Uprightness without ritual may result in one becoming inflexible, rigid, and unyielding. Each of these traits are essential in a virtuous person, and ritual is the framework which can help structure and properly tame each of these characteristics.