Reading Response 3

	This week’s selection from Readings from Classical Chinese Philosophy have a wide range of perspectives on human nature, ethics, and the ideal way of living. Books 1 and 2 teach about how virtue grows in someone from a proper environment, as well as proper conduct and ritual. I agree heavily with Mencius in these as many of the people I personally respect and consider to be virtuous are those who preach towards the importance of ritual. This also shows how a virtuous environment can be dire to certain ways of thinking, as without knowing and learning from some of the people in my life, I very well may agree with the contrasting teaching in Book 4.

	As far as Books 6 and 7 go, which have a more Daoist structure in their teachings, they much more strongly advocate for harmony with the natural order as opposed to cultivation through societal structures. While I don’t think “The Way” is the only way, instead I like to believe that aligning with the natural flow of life is a useful tool in the kit of consciousness. I believe that a virtuous and wise environment is most crucial to the cultivation of virtue in someone, however I also believe that the ability to adapt to all situations and “move like water” is incredibly powerful in that it has you prepared for anything that may challenge you. Detachment and spontaneity may not be the easiest things to practice and get used to, but they are most certainly useful given how the environment you may grow up and nurture virtue in will not be around forever. The ability to conform and adapt (especially to a brand new environment) is the difference between happiness and success, or anxiety and isolation.


P.S. I read your comment on the previous response. That one was a bit rushed last minute (this one is too lol) but I think I see what you were getting at, so let me know if this one is better. Habit has me adding too much context, this time I think I cut down on that. Just let me know if this one can be improved as well.
